THE BOY WHO CRIED WOLF 2ND CRAWL – by lafeo
After a while, he got bored and cried ‘wolf!’ again, fooling the villagers a second time. The angry villagers warned the boy a second time and left. The boy continued watching the flock. After a while, he saw a real wolf and cried loudly, “Wolf! Please help! The wolf is chasing the sheep. Help!”. Although the boy had always lied, and always been joking around. However, the villager considered the boy to be immature, because often kids don’t understand the gravity of an issue. They came once again, and to their shock, a wolf had actually come, and was starting to eat the sheep. The villagers fought the wolf, and saved the entire flock.
MORAL – Forgive those who are not mature enough, because they are not aware of their own actions. They will understand their mistake only through forgiveness. Don’t let people suffer.
THE MIDAS TOUCH 1st CRAWL – by lafeo
When asked to wish for something, Midas says “I wish everything non-living into gold.”. Although Dionysus thought about this idea, and started regretting that he ever asked Midas for a wish. Midas was a very witty man, he wore gloves during eating so that his food doesn’t turn to gold. Midas went around, touching everything he touched to gold. His kingdom kept the secret, no one know outside that he had this power.
He turned acres of soil into gold, his Kingdom became richer and richer, depriving the entire world of their money. He became the strongest king to have ever lived. His daughters were beautiful, they got the best grooms in the world. His people were never poor. It was the happiest time in the human race.
MORAL – Whenever an opportunity presents, don’t rush into a decision. Think about it and capitalise on it.
THE MIDAS TOUCH 2nd CRAWL – by lafeo
In his happiness, Midas went and hugged his daughter, and before he realized, he turned her into a lifeless, golden statue! Aghast, Midas ran back to the garden and called for Dionysus. He begged the god to take away his power and save his daughter. Dionysus was known to be ruthless to people who are greedy. All though Midas had understood the big problem he had gotten into, he begged and begged for eons but Dionysus just wouldn’t budge. He was never able to get this daughter back, and was never able to tough anyone he loved ever again, because they would become gold too.
The life he lived was of suffering and chaos.
MORAL – Understand people who grant wishes. Don’t get carried on by what they offer. Decide before you trust someone.
THE GOLDEN EGG 1st CRAWLER – by lafeo
“Why should I take just one egg a day? Why can’t I take all of them at once and make a lot
of money?”
The foolish farmer’s wife also agreed and decided to cut the goose’s stomach for the eggs. The goose was actually, a interstellar alien who had morphed like a duck. As soon, as he felt the farmer cutting his throat, he returned back to his original form. He was the largest monster the farmer has ever seen. He caught the farmer by the throat, and asked, “What are you doing, you outcast?”. The farmer was terrified, and dropped his knife. He answered that he was greedy, and thought the alien duck would be having eggs in her stomach. Hearing this the interstellar, couldn’t stop laughing.
He told the farmer how, he had come here to see how humans are. And that everyone his plant excretes gold.
MORAL – Voicing your true intentions, will allow you see through others anger.
THE GOLDEN EGG 2nd CRAWLER
But one day, the farmer got an idea and thought, “What if I let the eggs hatch, and have geese!”. Farmer was a poor man, but he needed to make the pen better for the golden goose. He spent all his money is refurbishing the entire pen. Within a year, the goose started having young geese. The farmer, would often sell the golden egg, and make some money however it wasn’t enough. As days passed by he took a lot of care of the young geese. Eventually they grew up and started laying eggs. To his prediction, they laid golden eggs too. He was overjoyed. Out of all the eggs all the geese laid, the farmer took some to sell and some to lay for future. He planned out his entire plan for his future generations. Generations passed by, and no one knew this secret apart from his children. Gold has always been precious, the family grew rich and happy.
MORAL – Always be grateful and think about everyone growth.
 
THE MISER AND THE GOLD 1st CRAWLER
On hearing this, the neighbor threw a stone into the pit and said, “If that is the case, save the stone. It is as worthless as the gold you have lost”. As the stone entered the pit it kept falling and falling and falling. Both of them rushed the pit, and realised the thief I was actually digging deeper and deeper. The stone hit the thief head, and he looked up, he soon realised he was being watched. He called out for them, which is very unlikely of a person who robs. On looking closer the miser saw a ladder. They started going down still they reached the base. Soon the miser understood that all the money he had been burying, travelled through this hole into this huge cave. The cave had gold coins the size of mountain, and keep in mind it was all underground. The miser was furious, because although he didn’t want to spend it, it was his gold after all. The thief explained, that the entire land’s buried treasure comes into the cave, so it wasn’t his fault. Everyone in the village was asked to come to the cave and take all their money that they had once upon a time buried and stored it in a place elsewhere.
 
 
 

